Looking good and feeling good go hand in hand. if you have a healthy lifestyle you're going to feel good.

There's an epidemic occurring in Israel.
Obesity levels in Israel are rising, especially amongst children.

Obesity causes significant damage to health; it affects quality of life and the ability to function, and
causes chronic mental and physical morbidity. Significant weight gain is even liable to lead to premature
death.

The percentage
of adults and children suffering from overweight and obesity in Israel has grown. The KAP survey of
2008 found that 13.7% of people aged 18 and above suffer from obesity, and 34% from overweight.
Longitudinal surveys show evidence of increasing weight gain among adults and teens.

(past two quotes from health.gov.il -- obesity-prof_en.pdf)


In recent years,most OECD countries have relied on the use
of social media and new technologies in order to tackle the
problem of obesity

according to the initiatives taken by israeli govt (obesity-prof_en.pdf) === The media should be encouraged to use positive role models to further the consumption of healthful
food.

We seek to reward social media users who post about their healthy lifestyles, actively promoting role models and healthy lifestyles amongst Israeli's on social media.

Instagram and health - 
(nbcnews.com/better/pop-culture/how-to-use-instagram-help-you-lose-weight)


it turns out liking photos on Instagram might not be such a mindless habit after all — especially if what you’re looking at is photos of healthy meals or people who are in shape. “Seeing positive images online can be inspiring and motivating,” says Jonathan Alpert, a New York- and Washington, D.C.-based psychotherapist and author of Be Fearless: Change Your Life in 28 Days.

What’s more, these kinds of Instagram posts can remind you to embrace and actually adopt healthy behaviors, says Melanie Greenberg, Ph.D., a licensed clinical psychologist in Mill Valley, Calif., and author of The Stress-Proof Brain. Considering trying a trendy diet (like Whole 30) or fitness plan (like Kayla Itsines’ Bikini Body Guide)? Alpert says that social media can also provide you with a supportive community to help you reach your goals.

Thus, we created a platform to bring together social media users who are actively living and promoting healthy lifestyles.
By engaging with your peers, we aim to promote healthy lifestyles, and reward you for doing so!

Innovative, cutting-edge Machine Learning image processing technology to analyze users' photos to determine if they contain 'healthy' content.
Users are given points based on the healthy content in their photos.

Check out our leaderboard to show where you stand in your community

See your profile on our platform - the photos you've posted.

Join the community of health advocates actively living and promoting a healthy lifestyle on social media and get rewarded for it!
